Document new .batchignore behaviour in src-cli (#19877)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/how-tos/opting_out_of_batch_changes.md

# Opting out of batch changes

> > NOTE: This feature is requires [Sourcegraph CLI](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli) 3.26.3 or later.

Reviewer: s/feature is requires/feature requires/

Repository owners that are not interested in batch change changesets can opt out
so that their repository will be skipped when a batch spec is executed.

> 1. Create a file called `.batchignore` in the repository you wish to be skipped.
> 2. `src batch [apply|preview]` will now skip that repository if it's yielded by the `on` part of the batch spec.
> 3. Use the `-force-override-ignore` flag to override that behaviour and not skip any ignored repositories.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this really makes sense as a list, since it's not really a step-by-step thing. How about something more prose based:

```suggestion
To opt out: create a file called `.batchignore` at the root of the repository you wish to be skipped. `src batch [apply|preview]` will now skip that repository if it's yielded by the `on` part of the batch spec.

>NOTE: You can use the `-force-override-ignore` flag to override that behaviour and not skip any ignored repositories.
```

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure about the list either. The reason why I put it in is because I wanted to make it clear on first glance where the instructions are. Numbered lists are what we're all trained to spot so I went with that. But your "To opt out" is also really clean, so I'll use that.

Reviewer 2: It's such a short document that I think it's fine if we don't have the usual visual call-to-action of a list here.
